Excuse me, can I take this?
Didn't I tell you?
Don't call me when you're out doing business
Okay, okay.
Be sure to go back soon
So babble, stop babbling
This yellow-faced woman is really a yellow-faced woman
Sorry, Miss Ann.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
It's alright, if there is something wrong at home, we can make an appointment another day, haha, it's alright, it's alright.
Oops, the bad wife at home haha is more grueling
Miss An laughed
Wife of waste
Not really.
I heard that Mrs. Gao is quite famous
It should be regarded as a talent on the top of the heart, right?
Oh, that woman, she feeds a widow all day long
vulgar and not arrogant
To cause trouble outside and ask me to wipe his ass
How can you be compared to Miss An's ladies?
Hahaha
Where are we going to eat?
I know there are some restaurants that are particularly good
I haven't brought anyone else there yet
Miss An is lucky today, haha.
Ah!
Husband is back
Ah, don't drink so much
It will hurt the body
See what you pretend to be all day
I'm ashamed to take you out
Give me boobs
Whose perfume is on your clothes?